---
title: Toolkit Crafting system
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: Crafting
description: Toolkit Crafting system
---

## Introduction

1.1 Introduced new items into the games called toolkits. These toolkits perform the duel purpose of being a mechanic for accessing crafting from the inventory by using the item, and a filter for the crafting when using the crafting work stations or player crafting.

It also saw the reintroduction of player crafting which means that you can use multiple workstations while in proximity to them, without having to try to remove a NPC.

## Toolkits

Toolkits can be crafted at the forge, or via player crafting.

* Toolkit: Alchemist's - Allows the crafting of Alchemical ingredients. 
* Toolkit: Brewer's - Allows the brewing of Alcohol 
* Toolkit: Builder's - Allows the construction of items used in home crafting
* Toolkit: Chef's - Allows the crafting of advanced cooking recipes
* Toolkit: Jeweller’s - allows the construction of Jewellery and polishing gemstones
* Toolkit: Smith's - allows the construction of Ammunitions, Weapons and armor
* Toolkit: Survivalist's - Recipes relating for basic survival and camping.
* Toolkit: Tailor's - Allows the construction of clothing
* Toolkit: Thieves' - Allows the construction of Thieves clothing.

Item | Mats | Requires
-- | -- | --
Toolkit: Alchemist's | 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Brewer's | 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Builder's | 1 Ingot: Steel 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Chef's | 1 Ingot: Steel 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Jeweller’s | 1 Ingot: Steel 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Smith's | 1 Ingot: Steel 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Survivalist's | 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Tailor's | 2 Wood | Craftmanship
Toolkit: Thieves' | 1 Ingot: Steel 2 Wood | Craftmanship

## Recipes

* [Breakdown Recipes](Breakdown-Recipes.html)
* [Armor Table](Armor-Table-Recipes.html)
* [Sharpening Wheel](Sharpening-Wheel.html)

## XP gain

Complete Crafting Overhaul introduces a new method for calculating Smithing experience. The idea behind this new formula came from UnmeiX, and he deserves credit for much of it. The goal of the new formula is to stress experimentation and crafting a wide variety of different items, as opposed to the vanilla method which rewards repeatedly crafting the same item.

<div>
<font style="color: #FFF380;"><strong>New XP Gain = Part 1 + Part 2</strong></font><br><br>
<font style="color: #FFF380;"> Part 1 = </font> ( VanillaXP * <font style="color: #6d9eeb;">VanillaXPModifier</font> )<br>
<font style="color: #FFF380;"> Part 2 = </font> (((ItemValue / 3) * <font style="color: #ea9999;"> BonusMult </font> ) ^ <font style="color: #93c47d;">BonusExp</font>) * NumCrafted <br>
<br>
<font style="color: #6d9eeb;"><strong>Vanilla XP Modifier</strong></font> = 30.<br>
<font style="color: #ea9999;"><strong>Bonus Multiplier</strong></font> = 100.<br>
<font style="color: #93c47d;"><strong>Bonus Exponent</strong></font> = 0.1.<br>
<br>
<strong>NumCrafted</strong> = 3, 2, or 1 depending on the number of times you've previously crafted that same item. Once you've crafted the item three times, further copies will result in an XP gain equal to just the "Part 1" value.
</div>

In general terms - this calculation means that once you crafted 3 of an item (items which craft in bulk count as multiple crafts) you are earning half of what you would have in Vanilla.

<span class="fs-6">
[All Recipes Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1utEfot7czAGslnbL2OP_gIoI31CI6J8Zn5nvqED21xE/edit#gid=0){: .btn .btn-pink }
</span>
